Three ways to stop settling for dusty
men. Number one, build a life that he
can only add to and not complete. A man
should always be the additional, not the
person that you build your life around.
Have your friendships, your hobbies,
your business, your money, your
apartment, a full and juicy life. And
when a man enters into this life, he is
the cherry on top. Number two, master
the art of early exit. Your biggest
power as a woman is your willingness to
walk away. Stop rationalizing red flags,
ignoring your gut feelings, or giving
third, fourth, and fifth chances. If
you're willing to walk away at any given
circumstances, you got the power and no
dusty man will ever stay. And number
three, surround yourself with women who
demand more from life and from men. If
your besties are settling, you will be
settling, too. You got to surround
yourself with women who want more,
demand more, who have very high
standards, self-respect, and know when
to walk away. More lessons like this in
my book, The Queen Treatment.